Optimize auth flow refinements (#399)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/auth-flow/optimize/monitor-auth-flow.md

[Navigate](https://app.codat.io/monitor/auth-flow-overview) to **Monitor > Auth flow > Overview** to discover the overall **percentage** of your customers that have authorized the integration connections and the overall percentage of companies that uploaded a file as part of their auth process. 

### Auth funnel

Analyze the **auth funnel** to see how many customers completed their authorization journey in contrast to the quantity of those who started the Link flow and those who began the auth process. 

:::info Optional steps

If an integration category is marked as optional in **Settings > Auth flow > Link**, skipping that step increases the auth success measure of the funnel.
:::

:::info Using your own auth flow?

> If you've built your own solution, the **Began flow** step will be backfilled 

Reviewer: is there anything we can add here? backfilled with what data? backfilled to how long backwards? etc

> If you've built your own solution, the **Began flow** step will be backfilled 

Author: ```suggestion
If you've built your own solution, we aren't able to collect data for the **Began flow** step. Instead, we'll estimate that step in the funnel based on the number of companies that go to the next step. All the other data points should work as expected.
```

:::

> ### Completion % over time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Completion rate over time
```
